READ ME

1. Copyright
JalanDaa is the intellectual property of its respective author, provided it is original, and is protected by copyright laws in many parts of the world.

2. Personal Use
JalanDaa  may be downloaded and used free of charge for personal use, as long as the usage is not racist or illegal. Personal use refers to all usage that does not generate financial income in a business manner, for instance:

 - personal scrapbooking for yourself
 - recreational websites and blogs for friends and family
 - prints such as flyers, posters, t-shirts for churches, charities, and non-profit organizations

3. Commercial Use
Commercial use is not allowed without prior written permission from the respective author. Please contact the author to ask for commercial licensing. Commercial use refers to usage in a business environment, including:

 - business cards, logos, advertising, websites, mobile apps for companies
 - t-shirts, books, apparel that will be sold for money
 - flyers, posters for events that charge admission
 - freelance graphic design work
 - anything that will generate direct or indirect income

4. Modification
AlMalum  may not be modified, altered, adapted or built upon without written permission by its respective author. This pertains all files within the downloadable font zip-file.

5. Conversion
JalanDaa  may be converted to other formats such as WOFF, SVG or EOT webfonts, as long as the font is not modified in any other way, such as changing names or altering individual glyphs.

6. Distribution
While JalanDaa may freely be copied and passed along to other individuals for private use as its original downloadable zip-file, it may not be sold or published without written permission by its respective author.

7. Embedding
JalanDaa  may be embedded into an application such as a web- or mobile app, as long as the application is of personal use and does not distribute JalanDaa, such as offering it as a download.

8. Disclaimer
JalanDaa is offered 'as is' without any warranty. 1001fonts.com and the respective author of JalanDaa shall not be liable for any damage derived from using this typeface. By using JalanDaa you agree to the terms of this license.

For commercial use, please donate a
minimum of $20 to my paypal accounts,
kakalin2001@yahoo.com.

Thanks for respecting the rights of the
brand and characters.